README.md, before:

# khrod.github.io
Personal website

## About
I'm Keros Rodrigues, a machine learning specialist pasionate about AI safety.

## Projects
[Project 1](https://www.khrod.github.io/project1/)

[Project 2](https://www.khrod.github.io/project2/)

[...](https://www.khrod.github.io/project3/)

## Experience

*My past and present work experience*

**Machine Learning Researcher @ RBC**

[Devloper/Data Scientist @ RBC Amplify](https://www.utoronto.ca/news/u-t-students-awarded-rbc-amplify-s-most-disruptive-prize-ai-used-monitoring-e-transfers)

Teaching Assistant @ University of Toronto

Software/Hardware Developer @ Wheeler Microfluidics Lab

Developer @ RBC

## Volunteering

*My past and present volunteering experience*

First-Year Computer Science Peer Mentor @ University of Toronto

[Mentor @ Ladies Learning Code](https://notablelife.com/python-ladies-learning-code/)

## Blog
*TODO*

## Links
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/keros-rodrigues/)

[GitHub](https://github.com/khrod/)

## Contact
keroshrod[at]gmail[dot]com

Commit message:

Added Projects description, added WIP line

README.md, after:

# khrod.github.io

Personal website, still a work in progress...

## About

I'm Keros Rodrigues, a machine learning specialist pasionate about AI safety.

## Projects

*Notebooks of past projects*

[Project 1](https://www.khrod.github.io/project1/)

[Project 2](https://www.khrod.github.io/project2/)

[...](https://www.khrod.github.io/project3/)

## Experience

*My past and present work experience*

**Machine Learning Researcher @ RBC**

[Devloper/Data Scientist @ RBC Amplify](https://www.utoronto.ca/news/u-t-students-awarded-rbc-amplify-s-most-disruptive-prize-ai-used-monitoring-e-transfers)

Teaching Assistant @ University of Toronto

Software/Hardware Developer @ Wheeler Microfluidics Lab

Developer @ RBC

## Volunteering

*My past and present volunteering experience*

First-Year Computer Science Peer Mentor @ University of Toronto

[Mentor @ Ladies Learning Code](https://notablelife.com/python-ladies-learning-code/)

## Blog
*TODO*

## Links
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/keros-rodrigues/)

[GitHub](https://github.com/khrod/)

## Contact
keroshrod[at]gmail[dot]com
